Esto es una producción de Choco Inglés.
Escucha esta producción varias veces hasta que le entiendas bien.
Recuerda que la meta es que puedas comprender la historia sin ver la lectura.
Good evening.
We're going to start with breaking news from a quiet suburban area
where a tragic accident has just happened.
A man, reported to be drunk,
was driving alone in his car when he crashed into a tree.
The impact was severe
and the man was thrown through the air,
falling 500 meters from the crash site.
He landed under a bridge that also serves as a main road.
When emergency services arrived to retrieve the body,
they were shocked to find, right in front of them, not one,
but two bodies at the scene.
Our reporter Dayana went to that tragic place and she's there now.
Please, Dayana, tell us more about it.
That's right!
Authorities have confirmed that one of the bodies is indeed the driver of the car.
However, the second body, which was found next to it,
was just discovered though the second person had been deceased for a couple of days
before being found and their identity remains unknown.
Many are wondering, whose body is this?
There are speculations that this individual might be someone involved
in the criminal activities reported around this bridge.
Neighbors of race concerns that the bridge has become a hideout
for thieves and drug addicts who caused much harm.
With everything they did, they made this place dangerous.
They said they think it's most likely
that the unidentified body belongs to one of those criminals
and many people say that it is not worth investigating or closing the road.
However, a few people supported by a human rights organization
say they'll go and follow complaint about such an act of intolerance
and savagery by the neighbors.
There is a lot of confusion yet little is known.
You continue on Studio Carla.
Sure, in an attempt to understand the situation better,
authorities are investigating further.
They want to determine if there is a connection between the two deaths
and what exactly led to this tragic series of events.
They have stated that it's too early to draw any conclusions
and they assure the public that they will do their job and make this case clear.
Reporter.
For now, the investigation continues
and we will keep you updated with any new developments
back to you.